# Event-Management-System
Event management system is used to manage all the activity related to event. In any event, many service providers work simultaneously and it is very hard to manage these providers. To make an event successful event manager needs different service provider like Sound systems services, Lighting providers, Canteen services, stage construction and so on.  In Present System, Event Company has to do all management work manually. They keep all payment information on papers. There is no system to check the past expenses on any event. To do this, they have to check payment register and This task is very time consuming and tiresome. It is also important for event organizer that he has all the contacts details of these service providers so that he can contact them any time to plan an event at given time. To manage all these activity, we have developed this website. To make an event successful event manager needs different service provider like Sound systems services, Lighting providers, Canteen services, stage construction and so on. Keeping this entire problem in mind, we have developed this system. This system helps the event management company to manage their paper work online and they can also retrieve report of last event, they have completed.  To get success in the event management Sector, User should have strong network contacts of service provider. These contacts are essentially providers of specific services who can be mobilized quickly to participate in any given event. Futhermore, Event management is the application of project management to the Creation and Development of large scale events such as Festivals, Wedding Ceremonies, Formal Parties, Conference, Convocation, Anniversary Parties, and Birthday Parties, etc.... People that are need to find or book online event halls and or willing to see the packages and timing slots online about halls. They will able to get all this information easily through our website. 
